Update roudingIncrement explanation (#13955)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/intl/numberformat/numberformat/index.md

        - "`lessPrecision`": the result with less precision wins a conflict

    - `roundingIncrement`

>       - : Option for control rounding increment precision, must be a Number in the following list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - : Option for control rounding increment precision, must be a number in the following list:
```

>       - : Option for control rounding increment precision, must be a number in the following list:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - : Specifies the rounding-increment precision. Must be one of the following integers:
```

        "`1`", " `2`", "`5`", "`10`", "`20`", " `25`", "`50`", "`100`", "`200`", "`250`", "`500`", "`1000`", "`2000`", "`2500`", " `5000`".

>         > **Note:** `roundingIncrement` option controls the rounding increment to be used when formatting numbers, it indicates the increment at which rounding should take place relative to the calculated rounding magnitude, it cannot be mixed with significant digits rounding or any setting of `roundingPriority` other than "auto".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        > **Note:** The `roundingIncrement` option controls the rounding increment to be used when formatting numbers:
        - It indicates the increment at which rounding should take place relative to the calculated rounding magnitude.
        - It cannot be mixed with significant-digits rounding or any setting of `roundingPriority` other than `auto`.
```

        >
        > For Example: 
        >  If `maximumFractionDigits` is 2 and `roundingIncrement` is 5, then the number is rounded to the nearest 0.05 ("nickel rounding").
        > ```js
        >
        > const nf = new Intl.NumberFormat("en-US", {
        >   style: "currency",
        >   currency: "USD",
        >   maximumFractionDigits: 2, 
        >   roundingIncrement: 5
        > });
        >
        > console.log(nf.format(11.29));  // > output: "$11.30"
        > console.log(nf.format(11.25));  // > output: "$11.25"
        > console.log(nf.format(11.22));  // > output: "$11.20"  
        > ```

>         > In case you set options `minimumFractionDigits` and `maximumFractionDigits` they must use same values, otherwise an `RangeError` is thrown.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        > If you set `minimumFractionDigits` and `maximumFractionDigits`, they must set them to the same value; otherwise a `RangeError` is thrown.
```

        - "`lessPrecision`": the result with less precision wins a conflict

    - `roundingIncrement`
      - : Specifies the rounding-increment precision. Must be one of the following integers:
        "`1`", " `2`", "`5`", "`10`", "`20`", " `25`", "`50`", "`100`", "`200`", "`250`", "`500`", "`1000`", "`2000`", "`2500`", " `5000`".
        > **Note:** The `roundingIncrement` option controls the rounding increment to be used when formatting numbers:
        - It indicates the increment at which rounding should take place relative to the calculated rounding magnitude.
        - It cannot be mixed with significant-digits rounding or any setting of `roundingPriority` other than `auto`.
        >

>         > For Example: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        > For example: 
```

>         > For example: 
>         >  If `maximumFractionDigits` is 2 and `roundingIncrement` is 5, then the number is rounded to the nearest 0.05 ("nickel rounding").

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        > For example, if `maximumFractionDigits` is 2 and `roundingIncrement` is 5, then the number is rounded to the nearest 0.05 ("nickel rounding").
```
